SLSA v1.0: frame levels around tamper protection (#529)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/spec/v1.0/levels.md

<dl class="as-table">
<dt>Summary<dd>

> Package has a provenance attestation showing how it was built, and a downstream
> system automatically verifies that packages were built as expected. Prevents
> mistakes but is trivial to bypass or forge.

Reviewer: I suggest we use produced, not built, here. [Provenance v0.2](https://slsa.dev/provenance/v0.2) describes itself as "where, when and how something was produced".
```suggestion
Package has a provenance attestation showing how it was produced, and a downstream
system automatically verifies that packages were produced as expected. Prevents
mistakes but is trivial to bypass or forge.
```

Author: We use "build" throughout this doc. Is it odd to change it here but not elsewhere? Should we instead change the provenance spec to match this language? Or if we change it here, do you have a suggestion on when to use build vs produce?

All of [Build L1], plus:

-   The build runs on a hosted build service that generates and signs the
    provenance itself. This may be the original build, an after-the-fact

>     reproducible build, or some equivalent system that ensures the accuracy of
>     the provenance.

Reviewer: Is it worth being a little more explicit about what accurate provenance means? I'm not sure, but maybe:
```suggestion
    reproducible build, or some equivalent system that ensures the provenance
    accurately describes the produced artifacts.
```

Author: Thanks for calling this out. I didn't like "accurate" either. What about "trustworthiness" of the provenance?

For context, I added this clause because I thought there might be some other way to satisfy the requirements that doesn't neatly fit into "original build" or "reproducible build".
